Docs: resource group modifications (#16321)
greenplum-db/gpdb: gpdb-doc/markdown/ref_guide/sql_commands/CREATE_RESOURCE_GROUP.html.md

where group_attribute is one of:

```
[ CONCURRENCY=<integer> ]
CPU_MAX_PERCENT=<integer> | CPUSET=<coordinator_cores>;<segment_cores>
[ CPU_WEIGHT=<integer> ]

> [IO_LIMIT='<tablespace_name_1>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>;<tablespace_name_2>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>;<tablespace_oid_3>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>']

Reviewer: let's rewrite it as I shared above.

:   > **Note** You can configure `CPUSET` for a resource group only after you have enabled resource group-based resource management for your Greenplum Database cluster.

> IO_LIMIT='<tablespace_name_1>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>;<tablespace_name_2>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>;<tablespace_oid_3>:wbps=<wbps_value>, rbps=<rbps_value>, wiops=<wiops_value>, riops=<riops_value>'

Reviewer: same

:   Optional. The maximum read/write disk I/O throughput, and the maximum read/write I/O operations per second for the queries assigned to a specific tablespace and resource group. When you use this parameter, you may specify:

    - The tablespace name or the tablespace object ID (OID) you set the limits for. Use `*` to set limits for all tablespaces.

>     - The values for `rpbs` and `wpbs` to limit the maximum read and write disk I/O throughput in the resource group, in MB/S. The default value is `max`, which means there is no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The values for `rbps` and `wbps` to limit the maximum read and write disk I/O throughput in the resource group, in MB/S. The default value is `max`, which means there is no limit.
```

> Create a resource group with CPU and memory limit percentages of 35:

Reviewer 2: Create a resource group with CPU and memory limit percentages of 350 MB:

Reviewer 2: I didn't see it was changed in the document, please confirm it.

```
CREATE RESOURCE GROUP rgroup1 WITH (CPU_MAX_PERCENT=35, MEMORY_LIMIT=350);
```

Create a resource group with a concurrent transaction limit of 20, a memory limit of 15, a CPU limit of 25, and disk I/O limits for the `pg_default` tablespace:

> 

Reviewer 2: Create a resource group with a concurrent transaction limit of 20, a memory limit of 1500 MB, a CPU limit of 25, and disk I/O limits for the `pg_default` tablespace:

```
CREATE RESOURCE GROUP rgroup2 WITH (CONCURRENCY=20, 

>   MEMORY_LIMIT=150, CPU_MAX_PERCENT=25,

Reviewer 2: MEMORY_LIMIT=1500

  IO_LIMIT=’pg_default: wbps=1000, rbps=1000, wiops=100, riops=100’);
```

> Create a resource group with a concurrent transaction limit of 20, a memory limit of 15, a CPU limit of 25, and disk I/O limits for a tablespace with oid 1663:

Reviewer 2: a memory limit of 1500

```
CREATE RESOURCE GROUP rgroup2 WITH (CONCURRENCY=20,

>   MEMORY_LIMIT=150, CPU_MAX_PERCENT=25,

Reviewer 2: MEMORY_LIMIT=1500

  IO_LIMIT=’1663: wbps=1000, rbps=1000, wiops=100, riops=100’);
```

> Create a resource group with a memory limit percentage of 11 to which you assign CPU core 1 on the coordinator host, and cores 1 to 3 on segment hosts:

Reviewer 2: a memory limit percentage of 110MB

Reviewer 2: Update: a memory limit of 110MB
